[Music]
hey do you have for free minutes a day
you're ready to get rid of that spare
tire and saddlebags in just a month well
I feel yeah so here are the only
exercises you need to get a perfectly
toned belly and bum exercise number one
plank and what's a workout without a
plank right this simple exercise knows
how to strengthen your buttocks give you
great muscle definition and even boost
your metabolism hey I'm not kidding
the muscle mass and strength that you
get from flanking regularly enhances
your resting metabolic heart rate
helping you burn tons of calories even
when you're not working out your belly
gets its dose of benefits to the
planking works out all four muscle
groups in your stomach making it look
flat cinched in and fantastic it's
pretty easy to do as well just get into
a push-up position put your forearms on
the floor and hold this pose your elbows
should be right below your shoulders and
your body should form a straight line
your breathing is also key try to keep
it steady and it'll be way easier for
you to hold the longest plank now for
the first week of your training a twenty
second plank will be enough increase it
up to thirty Seconds for week two in the
third week you should be able to hold a
45 second plank and week four challenges
you to a full one-minute plank believe
me by that time you'll be a planking pro
so it won't be that big of a deal
exercise number two side plank
seriously planking is the best for
reducing your midsection so here's
another style that'll help you out with
that
actually the side plank doesn't just
target your obliques which are the
muscles on your sides where muffin top
likes to gather it also works your
buttocks arms and legs
not to mention doing side planks
regularly improves your sense of balance
your belly muscles also have to work
they help you stay upright the whole
time so yeah
if your stomach insides are sore the
next day
that means it's working and here's how
to do it lie on your side with your feet
together and put your forearm on the
floor engage your core and buttocks to
lift your body and hold it up just on
your forearm and feet again your forearm
should be in line with your shoulder
like with a regular plank make sure to
breathe steadily the side plank duration
should be the same as for regular planks
20 seconds for week 1 30 seconds in week
2 45 seconds for week 3 and 1 minute in
week 4 and no you can't just pick one
side and do it you want to see results
you have to do both left and right side
planks exercise number three reverse
push-ups I'm sure you've heard of
regular push-ups but what about the
reverse dial to do them sit on the
ground with your arms slightly bent
behind you and your legs stretched out
in front of you from there raise your
body off the ground straighten your arms
and exhale hold this pose for a second
and lower your body back down while
inhaling don't go too fast or you can
hurt your triceps and end up with a
shoulder injury and don't forget to
engage your core and buttocks now as
you're doing all that what muscles are
you working there is of course your
shoulders and triceps but more
importantly for our purposes today
reverse push-ups are irreplaceable for
toning your buttocks and abs these
muscles work to keep your balance during
every single rep needless to say this
exercise gives your abdominals
awesome definition very quickly as for
your monthly plan it shouldn't be too
intense
just do three reverse push-ups in a week
one the goal for week two is five week
three aims for seven reps it at the end
of the month you should be able to do 10
full fledged reverse push-ups to really
challenge your body and lock in those
results exercise number four upper body
raises raising your upper body kills two
birds with one stone
it works out both your abdominals and
buttocks allowing you to get a perfectly
toned belly and bum within weeks without
any particular effort
Plus this exercise benefits your
shoulders legs and back too to do it
correctly
lie on your back keeping your legs
together stretch your arms in front of
you and slowly raise your upper body
exhale and freeze in this position for a
couple of seconds then you can lower
back down to the floor and inhale
just like with reverse push-ups going
fast and won't make the exercise more
effective on the contrary it can ruin
the result completely you should feel
your muscles working and keep your belly
and buttocks tight throughout the
exercise again the repetitions are the
same three for week one five for week
two seven for week three and ten for
week four it's not that much so make
sure to give it your all and there you
go that's a complete workout you can do
as your coffee's brewing in the morning
not that hard right try to do these
exercises every single day and you'll
notice your body transforming completely
by the end of the month if you're eager
to get to the finish line even faster
here's a few other things you can do to
get a toned belly and bump take baths
they're not only relaxing but also super
helpful if you have a little bloating
put a bit of Epsom salt in there and
chill for a while this will draw out all
the excess water from your body taking
you from flabulous to fabulous have some
chocolate
it contains mono saturated fat which is
well known for speeding up your
metabolism and helping you lose weight
sorry milk chocolate fans but this only
works for dark chocolate make yourself
some lemon water
this is a perfect before breakfast drink
that wakes up your digestive system
sipping it throughout the day is also a
great idea since it can quickly reduce
any inflammation and keep your calorie
intake in check snack on almonds just
like dark chocolate
they contain mono saturated fats that
help you get slimmer don't go too crazy
with it though having about 20 to 25
almonds daily is more than enough to get
all those awesome vitamins and nutrients
and finally get active this doesn't mean
you have to run every day before work or
go out and buy yourself some barbells
ride a bike go for a walk around the
block or go hiking with your friends
nothing changes your body more than an
active lifestyle so get out there and
get moving
do you know any other effective
exercises for a flat belly let me know
down in the comments remember to give
this video a like share it with your
friends and click subscribe to stay on
the bright side of life